hello everyone how are chabán 07 and
good in this video I'm going to teach
how to install the band and cani program
Fraps program to seize the games
well first let's go with the bank
then the links to download the
programs I'm going to leave the
video description
the quality lights up
it's simple it takes a little while where the
price
well here does not run in the bar or with the
nominal forward then someone
introductions
and the content we go to the step of
content
what we do is copy
and we stick it
where without giving him the game
in this case I have 64 bits and it's going to
appear in x86 program files
They are fanning lead somewhere else if you are going
to seem repetitive program
the bandit and watch them beat the
this is going to come out because he says employ
Place copies
another runs copy examples good
find out the step
here what you have to know if
they have 32-bit Windows 64 windows
for that is simple bad start team and
click with the right button on
properties and this type of system is
operating 64 children in my case some
appears 32 if you want to know with windows
xp go home is displayed on my pc click
with the right button itself back and
says if he has 64 32
in case you have 64 as I have you
that double click on x64 puts that
if you accept if you are on the site
bit
click on this
let's step 4 double click to file
install not run as half or
production does not work so we give it
a double click this
good
that would be all because step 5 is not what
I almost never do it and it does not work, it does not bother me
we open the fan program
if we do not go near him
and if you have this kind of data, it 's because
you're cracked and he's not going to tell you
this is a version of one thing by the
style
Well now I'm going to show you how
configure this program
only has f8
I put this here where they want
the numbers of the tracks appear
second
this as you set it to record
he configured it with efe 9 and this that
there, the most important thing, what I do is
three sets youtube 720 p and one
modification to that configuration and what
I put original size
I leave it at 30 fps
and I put 100 to have the best
quality
and well this would be all for
Bogota this is all area like this
way in which I have configured the
band and here to which he recorded all the
idea
well I'm going to make this one and go
the easy frappier just open it
car is already registered this not that
believe that there is no case or nothing the only
that do a click here
and ready you have the frap this is coming
Cracked does not need to clark
crack or anything so and can record
all the minutes you want
the
the secret in this sentence given that a
much they told me that gives the
I have a friend in the clan that with band and
that they can not record since van dyck
an is heavier than tracks
if you have good pc foresee with van
dyck to the great advantage that has van
dyck at birth that fraps the size of
videos if a contrast video weighs 10
gigas with band and here it starts at 3 or 4
I use van licán because it has the almost
Exactly the same quality as apps
and much better for me because they weigh less
the days so
that's why I use more indicate that
back but they indicate it is much heavier
If you do not have a machine, it's not going to do
if you have a computer more or
less use fraps
and the secret of so that it does not give so much
the great difficulty
and here they put 120 fps and here they take the
full and put it in jal
and good here if they want to activate or
deactivate the microphone you so that
the microphone was recorded no and that would be
everything more than that is nothing if they have it
this configuration on several machines
that are not
too powerful it will good to
be able to record your video and stuff like that
that the one that
so
well that would be all
If you have any questions ask me
why suffered things in winning
I like my page and the page
of the clan that two are several
and well I hope that
that works and anything comment
in the videos and the Sirionos and if they have
some doubt
I believe that
soon I will make a video of
how to learn did the video on in the
sony vegas for everyone to see so
anything wait a little while
I want to finish the video is good until
then
greetings to all